My American Idol Audition Experience!
Published on April 06, 2006.
So I had this weird dream last night that I was auditioning for American Idol.
I haven’t been watching the show this season, but I guess that it somehow seeped its way into my subconscious mind (actually, I think it’s probably because my friend Mark asked me if I was watching it).
I was in a group of about 30 or so people auditioning.
First, we took a tour of the American Idol facilities (which I don’t really think exist).
They mainly consisted of empty rooms and hallways.
It was sort of like a cross between Costco and a warehouse.
After the tour, they split up the guys and the girls (just like in the show!) and the girls auditioned first.
They all went into the audition room together.
Whenever a girl would walk out of the room, you could hear music (it was sort of like a rock concert in there).
The guys’ turn came up, but unlike the girls, we had to go one by one.
It was at this point that I realized I was auditioning for American Idol, and should probably figure out what I was going to sing.
I wasn’t really thinking about it before.
As my turn grew nearer and nearer, the only song I could think to sing was “Isn’t She Lovely?” by Stevie Wonder, but I didn’t want to do that because everyone sings that!
Plus I only know the first 6 words… I was also thinking of singing a weird Of Montreal song that would totally confuse the judges.
My friends started calling me on my cell phone, and I was like, “not now, I have figure out what I’m gonna sing for my American Idol audition!”
They were excited, but I think they still just wanted to talk about their own stuff.
Next thing I know, I’m at home reading my email, and my friend sends me a message saying that he saw my audition on American Idol.
This is in the strange chronology of my narrative dream.
I don’t remember actually auditioning, but I guess I did… Anyway, there’s a link in the email to the video clip!
Before I got a chance to click on it to watch myself audition (for the first time), I woke up.
I guess I’ll never know whether I made it or not…